oh my fucking god this game is a joke
seriously what the hell I I can't
believe that this was green light this
is the ah I can believe it because of
dice and EA is utter utter lack of any
sense or any caring of their community
or the Battlefield franchise at this
point this is a fucking joke I played
like eight or nine matches of
battlefield hardline and every time I
just had the most sour taste in my mouth
afterwards the game runs terribly and
before you start with oh it's a beta
everything in the beta is gonna be fixed
with the full game no no no no it's not
it's not going to be it's not gonna be
fixed all right you need to get that
through your head look at battlefield 4
the game was actually worse when it
actually came out of beta when the game
was released it was actually more buggy
than the beta was I mean at least in the
beta you could play and not have a
skyscraper fall and crash her game that
didn't happen in the beta but the full
game that somehow made it happen and
hardline is no exception except they've
replaced a skyscraper with a crane
falling because yeah LEvolution right
yeah it is it just kind of falls and it
makes your screen incredibly shaky so
the whole game stops you can't shoot at
anyone this game is it didn't need to
exist it should not exist they should be
fucking kicking themselves in the ass
for even green lighting this this is
absolutely atrocious it's oh my god so
instead of trying to fix their previous
game they just green light another one
start making it and use pretty much all
the same assets at battlefield 4 make it
look worse and make it run a whole lot
worse as well so I've been playing the
game on lowest settings I can
and I average anywhere between 25 to 55
frames per second that's terrible that's
so bad so I I've got like a mid-range
mid high end gaming pc i can buy any
other game including the other
Battlefield games with like 60 to 80 FPS
at least on the higher settings and it
works fine but this game nope we're just
gonna have tons of micro stunner your
frame rates gonna go up and down and up
and down and up and down and up and down
because optimization what the hell is
that oh my god and the map the map that
they've released is so bad this is like
worse than metro they literally have
just like three little areas that you
fight in where they put the objectives
all the rest of the maps completely
barren and pointless there is nothing
going on the map is like it's somehow
not big but still too big to actually
see any gun fighter than in these three
little areas where the objectives are
it's absolutely insane I don't
understand how they could do this okay
soo seriously I've gone like five or
five or six minutes without seeing a
single enemy on a full server because I
just try to go to other parts of the map
you know I try to go towards the enemy
and I see no one until i get to their
base or i see no one until i get to the
actual objective there's no one in
transit between it it's it's it's
horrendous there's no actual fighting
going on it oh my god whenever i do
fight it's always in the same little
areas and I know exactly where
everyone's gonna be there either over
across the road there up in a window or
there's this little freaking
construction area there's the only
places they ever are ah all the gunplay
feels really poor it feels piss-poor it
feels worse than battlefield 4 it just
feels like a free-to-play game why was
this game not free to play it should
have been free to play instead of giving
like charging you eighty dollars or
deluxe edition then you probably had to
get premium on top of that like this
game feels like a free-to-play game
there are better
free to play games on the market right
now go play a game like war face go play
freakin planetside to play anything go
by blacklight retribution all of those
games are better than this game do not
buy into the hype do not do it this is
so bad die says they have now dice has
now cemented their company as a terrible
company in gaming I have no more hope
for them I they've shattered my hopes
and my dreams for star wars battlefront
and this is just terrible avoid
battlefield hardline at all costs do not
give them your money for this crap this
is crap this is not going to be a
finished game none of these issues are
going to be fixed by the release because
they have been notorious for not doing
it in the past and all the same issues
that were in battlefield 4 are present
in this there is terrible lag there's
all this micro stutter and horrible map
designs it's it's not it's really really
bad if they had made this a free-to-play
game I might have given it a pass you
know as at least i'm not spending my
money on it but I'm actually very glad
that I got the beta for this game
because now I know I'm not gonna buy it
now I know that there's no hope left I
hate this game I'm very disappointed in
dice this game is not going to be fixed
the only good thing about this game that
I can say is they have somewhat improved
the driving mechanics and I have no
doubt that's because of the new need for
speed reboot that came out recently it's
the only thing I mean the cards kind of
handle good but even then you can't get
into all of them which is really stupid
like you can't just walk up to a
civilian car and get into it and before
you say oh well those cards are locked
and don't have keys in
so that makes sense well I i highly
doubt that the skilled driver of a
police car would leave his keys in his
car when he left or someone else's get
into it so that doesn't make any sense I
just I don't want to fight in Omaha
Nebraska I don't want to give cops vs
robbers just because payday 2 was really
successful I don't want to play an
unfinished game and I am just so so sick
of this screw this I am out of here hey
guys hope you enjoyed this video yet did
please give a like I would be super
appreciative and subscribe to my channel
if you haven't already eggs and you can
see all the other awesome content I make
and did you know I have a short store
because I kind of do it sound in the
description in there so you just go like
go down there and click the link on
every video i put up and you can go by
like t-shirts and iphone cases and maybe
like a pillow case so you can rest your
head on my divine essence every night so
i go down there and does go buy it
please because well because here comes
like this are not cheap all right let's
go do it ah idiots